chore(plugins): Update AWS plugin to v0.5.0 (#5421)
hashicorp/boundary: CHANGELOG.md

* GCP dynamic host catalog: Add dynamic host catalog support for 
  discovering GCP Compute Engine VM Instances.
  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5229)).
* Adds support for dual-stack networking for AWS operations.
  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary-plugin-aws/pull/52)) 
  * **Note**: As a consequence of updating AWS SDK dependencies to enable
    dual-stack support, this Boundary release may consume more memory. From our

>     testing, the increase seems to be around 1.6x, however we weren't able to
>     test it in varied use-cases due to issues with reproducibility.

Reviewer: Maybe make this a little more vague, I don't think we need be this explicit. What do you think?
```suggestion
    testing, the increase seems to be around 1.6x, however this
    may vary depending on your deployment architecture.
```
